This file describes known deficiencies of Fresh Eye.

* Fresh Eye imposes no artificial limitations neither on the size of
  input files nor on the length of lines. Nevertheless, Fresh Eye by itself
  is helpless if your system has small memory. In extremely rare, although
  possible conditions of insufficient memory, Fresh Eye makes no attempts of
  graceful recovery - it aborts processing. There are five ways to overcome
  such situations:

  - If the input file has many enormously long lines ('long' means more than
    tens or hundreds of kilobytes, which is quite possible with
    machine-generated HTML or texts having big paragraphs, which were
    exported from word processors like Microsoft Word), it definitely makes
    sense to re-format the file. While re-formatting, bear in mind that
    Fresh Eye makes certain assumptions about text formatting, which affect
    its computations. Please consult program documentation for details.
  
  - Split input file into smaller pieces. This will always help.
  
  - Try smaller context length (see --context-size option). This will make
    Fresh Eye less precise.
  
  - Use larger swap space (or 'virtual memory', in Win32 parlance).
  
  - Buy more RAM.
  
* Messages issued by Fresh Eye are a mess - part of them in English,
  part of them in Russian. 
  
* Fresh Eye ignores locale settings, using its own default encoding for
  Russian messages.
  
* If resume is enabled (--resume=y) and fresheye.log contains information
  about more than one pass over the same particular file then fe uses
  information of the first pass for resuming.

* Fresh Eye does not detect encoding of its log files, assuming they are
  encoded using its own default encoding. It means that a log file produced
  on Win32 using CP-866 cannot be processed "as is" on UNIX, where KOI8-R
  is the default encoding - Fresh Eye will skip over all entries found in
  this file.

* 'ce' code page conversion utility cannot be used for general conversion
  tasks because it ignores non-letters, for instance, it does not attempt to
  convert pseudo-graphic characters.

Please send suggestions for improvements or new features to
Dmitry Kirsanov <dmitry@kirsanov.com>. Please make sure there are words
'Fresh Eye' in the Subject: line.

If you think that you discovered a bug, please report it to
Vadim Penzin <penzin@attglobal.net>. Please make sure there are words
'Fresh Eye' in the Subject: line.

$Id: BUGS,v 1.2 2002/06/08 18:32:01 vadimp Exp $
