This file describes how to build Fresh Eye on a Win32 platform.

In general, there are two ways of building Fresh Eye on a Win32 platform
that we support at the time of this writing:
- Using Cygwin.
- Using Microsoft Developer Studio. 

0. Building Fresh Eye using Cygwin

Pre-requisites:
	Latest distribution of Cygwin. Cygwin is freely available at
	the following address: http://www.cygwin.com/

Build process on Cygwin does not differ much from any other UNIX-like
platform, as described in the INSTALL file. A typical installation sequence 
would be:
	./configure --enable-encoding=cp866
	make
	make install

However, there are some Cygwin-specific details. Executables built using
Cygwin depend on cygwin1.dll, a Cygwin POSIX layer. Besides adding a
dependency affecting distribution process (one must supply cygwin1.dll
together with every Cygwin-made executable), binaries that use POSIX
layer run considerably slower, which is not acceptable for Fresh Eye. In
addition, executables produced using Cygwin are covered by the GPL.
While this fact has no influence on Fresh Eye, which is distributed
under GPL itself, it becomes important in a proprietary environment.

Fresh Eye addresses dependency on Cygwin POSIX layer by using a special 
GCC option `-mno-cygwin', which disables POSIX layer and creates object
files that depend on Microsoft C Runtime Library distributed with Windows.
To enable this option, specify --without-cygwin while invoking `configure':
	
	./configure --without-cygwin --enable-encoding=cp866

and then proceed as usual. Since Cygwin does not detect debug version of
Microsoft C Runtime Library, configuring with `--without-cygwin'
automatically disables debugging and profiling, even if they were
requested using `--enable-debug' and `--enable-profile'.

1. Building Fresh Eye using Microsoft Developer Studio

Pre-requisites:
	Microsoft Developer Studio 6.0 with Service Pack 5 applied.

(The above does not mean that you must apply SP5 to Developer Studio,
it is the version we used to build and test Fresh Eye on Win32.)

If you wish Fresh Eye to use other encoding than CP-866 by default, you
will need to modify src\config-win32.h: change the value of CYR_CP_DEFAULT
from CYR_CP_866 to a value listed in the first enum in
src\cyrillic.h. Also, do not forget to change the value of CYR_CP_NAME.
Please note, that this will change encoding of the messages issued by
Fresh Eye during run time as well as encoding of its log file.

To build Fresh Eye, please complete the following steps:

	0. Open workspace file named fe.dsw using Developer Studio.
	1. Change active configuration to "fe - Win32 Debug" for
	   building with debugging information or "fe - Win32 Release"
	   for building without debugging information.
	   (Build -> Set Active Configuration).
	2. Perform a Build (Build -> Build)

Executable named fe.exe will appear in win32\Debug for builds with
debugging information or in win32\Release for builds without debugging
information.

If you think that you discovered a bug, please report it to
Vadim Penzin <penzin@attglobal.net>. Please make sure there are words
'Fresh Eye' in the Subject: line.

$Id: README,v 1.4 2002/06/29 06:49:25 vadimp Exp $
